Key 
Green - Will implement
Yellow - May implement
Black - Will not implement


Citizen


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to propose projects of change in the local community(park renovation, more shops, disability access etc.) so that we can improve the general quality of life.
Details: Form function which posts to a list feed of current proposed projects
Tests:
1. Mock project will be created by user one
2. User two will view new project in feed
3. Admin account will view project


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to click and vote for suggestions already made, so that a decision can be made on what changes should take place.
Details: Yes or no button
Tests:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. User two will vote yes
3. User three will vote no


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to give further suggestions, via a thread, to projects that are trending, so that the idea can be scoped out as much as possible.
Details: This will be in the form of a comments section that can then be ‘liked’
Tests:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. User two will add a comment
3. User three will like user two’s comment


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to login with a unique id.
Details: Login page. Email validation. Password etc. ID-phone no. Unique identifier
Tests:
1. Account will be created by user one
2. Account will be created by user two
3. User three will try to login to user one’s account


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to search via a search bar, for trending projects by area and type to see what projects I can vote for.
Details: Search function and project list page. 
Tests:
1. We will create ten mock user projects for this test
2. User one will search for project categories
3. User two will search for projects based on location/catchment area
4. User three will search for projects outside their given catchment area


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to see the budget remaining for the specified time period(quarter, year etc.) in the form of a graph/pie chart etc.
Details: Tab/page which provides a top line overview of what projects have been completed, what projects are in progress and the remaining budget for the quarter. 
Test:
1. Ten mock projects will be created and assigned to different stages in development (complete/in progress etc)
2. User will view all aspects of the completed project section
3. User will view all aspects of the in progress section


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to view projects that are being funded so far, so I can watch local progress.
Details: Perhaps a pretty timeline - not dissimilar to a kickstarter fund bar with time markers on it, pictures and progress.
Tests:
1. One mock project will be created and documented
2. User one will view all aspects of the timeline and documentation of the project


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to click and flag other citizens that are being unhelpful,, abusive or rude, so that action can be taken against them.
Details: Similar to facebook’s report/flag!. If a user has been flagged once, they will receive an automated, in-app message. If a user has been flagged twice, they will no longer be able to put forward project ideas or comments. If a user has been reported, admin will receive automated notification and they will be able to review the user’s comment/project privileges.
Tests:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. User two will comment
3. User three will flag both user two’s comments
4. User four will report user one’s project
5. Admin will check for automated notification
6. User three will flag user two’s comments


Story: As a citizen, I want to be able to see a feed of projects that might interest me within the local area that I could vote for.
Details: This will be in the form of a dashboard, the search function can take place on this page
Tests:
1. Fifty shell projects will be created
2. Three user accounts will be created
3. All users will view their dashboard


Story: As a citizen, I want a government administrator to upload a budget forecast and timelines for implementation for a particular project, that will then be able to view.
Details: Once 25% of the population have voted yes for a project, admin will be sent an email with the initial project outline and comments. They will then work on forecasting a budget. NB. Look at the current petition laws for assessing how many votes it takes before an idea/project is taken seriously.
Tests:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. All users will vote on the project
3. At the 40% marker government official will draw up an estimated budget and timeline for implementation


Story: As a citizen, I want to receive an optional notification of budget updates for current spend and current credit. 
Details: Perhaps by way of a text alert or application notification. Users will also receive updates as key projected milestones are passed. Users can turn this off and on in the settings.
Tests:
1. We will simulate budget spend and alerts
2. User one will then turn off the notification settings


Story: As a citizen, I want to receive alerts that let me know when there is something to vote on in my area. 
Details: Perhaps by way of a text alert or application notification. Users can turn notifications off and on. 
Tests: 
1. We will simulate the sending of an alert
2. User will click on the alert and be returned to the application 
3. User will vote on the project
4. User will then turn off and on the notification settings


Story: As a citizen, I want to have an influence over both the localities where I live and where I work. 
Details: Perhaps a multiplier based on location details. 
Tests: ...






________________


Government Administrator


Story: As a government administrator, I want to view initial trending projects and suggestions that have been made by the public via a catchment area based feed.
Details: Statistical breakdown of the types of projects that are being most often suggested, approved and voted for in their constituents’ area
Tests:
1. Five user accounts will be created
2. Five projects will be created in and outside of catchment area.
3. We will simulate votes on those projects and create statistical feedback in graphs etc. 


Story: As a government administrator, I want to be able to enter budget and concise project plan via form, so that users can view this.
Details: This will be a cms created for admin use only.
Test:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. Admin one will enter budget details and submit
3. User one will view approved budget


Story: As a governmental administrator, I want to be able to terminate a trending project, if it is no longer feasible(due to legal reasons etc.).
Details: This will show on the projects page and will visually indicate to the user that the project has been cancelled and provide an appropriate reason.
Test:
1. We will simulate the creation of a ‘bad’ project
2. Administrator one will terminate a trending project and provide an explanation for the termination


Story: As a governmental administrator, I want to be able to see the budget remaining for the specified time period(quarter, year etc.).
Details: Detailed timeline provided by the initial forecaster, with step by step accounts and feedback from the ‘project manager’. 
Test:
1. A project space will be created on the administrative platform
2. The government project manager will then update the project profile with an accounting of the timeline, budget, spend, delays etc.
3. We will simulate this profile and it’s updates


Story: As a governmental administrator, I want to be able to view projects that are being/ have been funded so far, so I can watch local progress.
Details: This will be similar to the user’s dashboard whereby they can view projects that have been funded. However, the admin will be able to update the project progress timeline. They will be able to create milestones and upload pictures and information.
Tests:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. Simulate 40% voting benchmark
3. Admin will add estimated budget and plan of project
4. Simulate 60% voting benchmark
5. Admin will click to confirm project okayed
6. Admin will complete milestones(pictures, comments)


Story: As a governmental administrator, I want to be able to flag projects that a budget has been drawn for to other administrators.
Details: Notification for administrators which alerts them to project updates
Tests:
1. l bAdministrator will click to notify other admins when budget/project outlines have been drawn and approved.


Story: As a governmental administrator, I want to be able to okay a project if a 60% vote benchmark has been reached.
Details: Administrator will receive notification once their budgeted project has been okayed and they will be able to accept project.
Tests:
1. A project will be created by user one
2. Votes will be simulated up to 40%
3. Admin will draw a budget
4. Votes will be simulated up to 60%
5. Admin will okay the project
6. User one will view project timeline
